README.md, before:

# SubsCrypt-npm-library
<img src="https://oxydev.github.io/SubsCrypt-docs/images/logo2.png" width="500">

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/subscrypt.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/subscrypt)
[![Test](https://github.com/oxydev/SubsCrypt-npm-library/actions/workflows/node.js.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/oxydev/SubsCrypt-npm-library/actions/workflows/node.js.yml)

# Import Package
We have made this wrapper over SubsCrypt contract to make uses of our api easier. 
You have to option right now, either you can use the latest version of code on repo or use the npm package on npm repository which is the latest version of this repo's release.
* Clone the repo and add this to `package.json` of your project.
    ```
    "subscrypt": "file:../SubsCrypt-npm-library",
    ```
* Or run this command, and then you can use latest SubsCrypt npm package 
    ```
    yarn add subscrypt
    ``` 
# Use Package in your project
```
import subscrypt from 'subscrypt';
```
Now you can easily use the SubsCrypt library to get data from blockchain. Below are some examples:
```
console.log(await subscrypt.getPlanData('5Dyu5YxLufavjPg8vP31BhKs5xz8ncdkQcNdGwf5XtW4C9Ym', 2));

console.log(await subscrypt.checkSubscription('5Dyu5YxLufavjPg8vP31BhKs5xz8ncdkQcNdGwf5XtW4C9Ym','5Dyu5YxLufavjPg8vP31BhKs5xz8ncdkQcNdGwf5XtW4C9Ym', 2));

console.log(await subscrypt.retrieveWholeDataWithPassword('5Dyu5YxLufavjPg8vP31BhKs5xz8ncdkQcNdGwf5XtW4C9Ym',"token", "pass_phrase"));
```

More Samples will be added to the documents of project [here](https://oxydev.github.io/SubsCrypt-docs/#/).

# Important Note
You have to ssh to our server which has a running [canvas node](https://github.com/paritytech/canvas-node) on it. However, if you don't have access to the server, please contact me to give you access:)
```
ssh -A root@206.189.154.160 -L localhost:8000:localhost:8000 -L localhost:9615:localhost:9615 -L localhost:9944:localhost:9944
```

Commit message:

docs of getter functions added

README.md, after:

# SubsCrypt-npm-library
<img src="https://oxydev.github.io/SubsCrypt-docs/images/logo2.png" width="500">

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/subscrypt.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/subscrypt)
[![Test](https://github.com/oxydev/SubsCrypt-npm-library/actions/workflows/node.js.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/oxydev/SubsCrypt-npm-library/actions/workflows/node.js.yml)

# Import Package
We have made this wrapper over SubsCrypt contract to make uses of our api easier. 
You have to option right now, either you can use the latest version of code on repo or use the npm package on npm repository which is the latest version of this repo's release.
* Clone the repo and add this to `package.json` of your project.
    ```
    "subscrypt": "file:../SubsCrypt-npm-library",
    ```
* Or run this command, and then you can use latest SubsCrypt npm package 
    ```
    yarn add subscrypt
    ``` 
# Use Package in your project
```
import subscrypt from 'subscrypt';
```
or
```
const subscrypt = require('subscrypt');
```
Now you can easily use the SubsCrypt library to get data from blockchain. Below are some examples:
```
console.log(await subscrypt.getPlanData('5Dyu5YxLufavjPg8vP31BhKs5xz8ncdkQcNdGwf5XtW4C9Ym', 2));

console.log(await subscrypt.checkSubscription('5Dyu5YxLufavjPg8vP31BhKs5xz8ncdkQcNdGwf5XtW4C9Ym','5Dyu5YxLufavjPg8vP31BhKs5xz8ncdkQcNdGwf5XtW4C9Ym', 2));

console.log(await subscrypt.retrieveWholeDataWithPassword('5Dyu5YxLufavjPg8vP31BhKs5xz8ncdkQcNdGwf5XtW4C9Ym',"token", "pass_phrase"));
```
More Samples will be added to the documents of project [here](https://oxydev.github.io/SubsCrypt-docs/#/).

# Docs
You can access the docs [here]('https://github.com/oxydev/SubsCrypt-npm-library/tree/main/docs')
# Important Note
You have to ssh to our server which has a running [canvas node](https://github.com/paritytech/canvas-node) on it. However, if you don't have access to the server, please contact me to give you access:)
```
ssh -A root@206.189.154.160 -L localhost:8000:localhost:8000 -L localhost:9615:localhost:9615 -L localhost:9944:localhost:9944
```
